Moving into 3D.
Since it's all about drones and flying cars,
I brought my car here but it fly.
Cars live effectively in a 1D environment.
If you think of a highway,
it's a 1D environment.
There's only one direction in which a car can meaningfully travel.
Boats live in 2D.
If you're on a lake and a boat comes your way,
there's always a way around.
The lake surface is much bigger than a highway.
We will live in 3D because we can also go up and down.
So in addition to being able to avoid obstacles left and right in all directions,
we can also just go up and down.
I hit my personal first 3D experience,
not in the air but underwater as a scuba diver.
Many years ago, I took scuba diving lessons.
What I discovered is you jump to your water,
you get your body to be the same specific weight as water,
which means you're called neutrally buoyant,
which means just float and then I just swim around in your space.
You can control your depth basically by a breath.
The more you inhale,
the more floating becomes or buoyant you become and you go up,
and the you exhale, the more you go down.
It's the coolest thing on earth to be able to fly,
you can literally fly underwater as a scuba diver.
So now we're going to use the same principles for our drones and build our flying car.